Design to be used with Traefik; that way Traefik can automatically Reverse-proxy if multiple Transmission boxes are running while providing each user their expected privacy.
Using Docker's default random names, this should make it pretty easy to have uniqnue URIs for each Transmission box.

Establish a connection with remote docker instance; this should probably be done using SSH if that's possible, since we'll be running this software on a different machine. 
  Possibly a docker container?
    If so, add support for detecting if the DockerSock is passed through?
  Design to use SSH anyways... just in case.

Start by finding an easy way to spin up Transmission boxes by CLI; then write a docker-compose. We will use this docker-compose as the baseline to automate creation.
  Randomly generate username/password combination. These are one-time use, and will not be linked to the user's Nextcloud SSO account.

Setup temporary catchall storage volume (TransmissionData)

Figure out how to tell the Transmission container to start torrenting automatically. Keep the container running for as long as the torrent is being downloaded; but when all torrents are done the transmission box should shut down.
  This may be one of the more difficult parts... hopefully it doesn't require software to run within the container. 
  We might be able to watch this from the outside, given we will have the transmission box's password.
  
After creation is automated and downloading has been sorted out, add "userspace" concept; where people may have their own storage volumes for the stored data.
  This will probably require the creation of a USER variable; which will need to be introduced into the docker-compose file.
  Explore somehow syncing this data with Nextcloud?

Consider adding support for a seed container; something that will never expire and can be used to share data with other members of the network for a longer perioud of time than the duration that it takes to download the data.

Add an option for "pay it back"; upload an equal amount of data to that which was downloaded before destroying the container.

One day, add support for TLS instead of SSH. Both are useful; but one can be reverse-proxied and the other cannot...